[skip ci] Update README.md with a tutorial on patching LBP1 for RPCS3 (#121)
LBPUnion/project-lighthouse: README.md

Assuming you are running the patched version of RPCS3, you patched the file correctly, the database is migrated, and
Lighthouse is running, the game should now connect.

### LittleBigPlanet 1

> For LittleBigPlanet 1 to work with RPCS3, follow the steps for LittleBigPlanet 2. First, download [HXD](https://mh-nexus.de/downloads/HxDSetup.zip). Once HXD is set up, open your `EBOOTlocalhost.elf` file with HXD and click on Search -> Replace and click on the `Hex-values` tab. In the `Search for` section put `73 63 65 4E 70 43 6F 6D 6D 65 72 63 65 32`, then in the `Replace with` section put `00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00`, and then click `Replace all`. After that go to File -> Save.

Reviewer: Can you explain what the patch does in a little bit more detail?

Author: Basically it patches out the reference to sceNpCommerce2 in hexadecimal, since when patching it out in plain text, it doesn't remove the reference but instead replace is it with periods.

Reviewer: Oh, I meant in the readme.md.

Author: I've fixed the README.md

> For LittleBigPlanet 1 to work with RPCS3, follow the steps for LittleBigPlanet 2. First, download [HXD](https://mh-nexus.de/downloads/HxDSetup.zip). Once HXD is set up, open your `EBOOTlocalhost.elf` file with HXD and click on Search -> Replace and click on the `Hex-values` tab. In the `Search for` section put `73 63 65 4E 70 43 6F 6D 6D 65 72 63 65 32`, then in the `Replace with` section put `00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00`, and then click `Replace all`. After that go to File -> Save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For LittleBigPlanet 1 to work with RPCS3, follow the steps for LittleBigPlanet 2. First, open your favourite hex editor. We recommend [HxD](https://mh-nexus.de/downloads/HxDSetup.zip). Once you have a hex editor open, open your `EBOOTlocalhost.elf` file and search for the hex values `73 63 65 4E 70 43 6F 6D 6D 65 72 63 65 32`. In HxD, this would be done by clicking on Search -> Replace, clicking on the `Hex-values` tab, and entering the hex there. Then, you can zero it out all references by replacing it with `00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00`. Save the file, and your LBP1 EBOOT can now be used with RPCS3.
```
